"How much has Ben had to drink, again?" Dan asks, bemused as he watches said bassist swaying in front of them in the hallway of the hotel.
"Too much," Wayne answers him.
"Come on, guys, he's not that bad," Daniel counters. His eyes suddenly widen as he sees Ben trip on nothing, almost falling to the ground before them. He rushes up to the other man to help him balance on his feet. He turns his head to see Dan and Wayne both looking at him with an identical "I told you so" expression. "Okay, maybe a little..."
"Mmm-hmm," Dan and Wayne say at the same time, laughing when Ben tries to free himself from Daniel's grip.
"Look, it's not like we all didn't drink a lot tonight- Ben! Don't you remember what happened the last time you did that," he says, quickly grabbing hold of Ben's arms as he tries to climb the hotel walls again.
They both almost tumble to the ground, which causes Ben to burst into a fit of giggles. "Sorry," he manages in between breaths.
"A little help?" Daniel asks his other two bandmates.
Dan's too busy laughing himself, so Wayne answers for them. "Looks like you've got this covered. See you in the morning," the guitarist says, and with a wink he grabs a hold of Dan and ushers him into their shared hotel room for the night, leaving Daniel alone with Ben.
The drummer runs a hand through his hair and sighs. He then looks down after noticing that Ben is quiet. Daniel doesn't think anything of it and sighs again. "Okay, just a little further up," he says to break the silence, indicating towards their hotel room door.
Ben nods and stands with little help from Daniel. As soon as they enter the room, Daniel goes into the bathroom while Ben sits on one of the beds, close to the lamp situated in between the beds and turns it on. He goes about trying to take his shoes off, which surprisingly seems to be a difficult task despite how simple it is.
When Daniel returns to the room, the sight he sees is quite amusing. Ben managed to get one shoe off, but the other seems to be stubborn. The drummer makes his way towards the bed and sits next to Ben. "Here, let me..." he begins to untie the offending shoelaces, the upper part of his body leaning slightly into Ben in order to reach his foot. He takes note of how tense Ben is, but doesn't say anything.
With both shoes and socks finally off, Daniel leans back up and smiles at the bassist. It was then that Daniel definitely notices a change in Ben's eyes, and before he knows it, Ben is leaning forward and kissing Daniel on the lips.
It's a chaste kiss, Ben's lips barely putting pressure on his own. Daniel shuts his eyes and slowly leans his head to the side, kissing back. That seems to be all the encouragement Ben needs, as suddenly there's a tongue sliding across his lower lip. Daniel opens his mouth, sighing as his tongue meets Ben's, deepening the kiss.
Lost in thought, Daniel barely felt the hand that was lightly massaging his leg, fingers slowly reaching their way higher up his thigh. He pulls back, suddenly aware of what they're doing. "Uhh..."
"Sorry," Ben says quickly, face heating up. He removes his hand and stands, not really knowing what to say or do. Daniel stands as well. There's no expression on his face, he's still too surprised to really feel anything, although there's that odd nervous feeling creeping into his stomach. He attempts a small smile to show that he's not angry, seeing that Ben looks worried.
"We should probably just go to sleep," Daniel offers, trying his best not to make things awkward.
Ben nods as the drummer moves towards the other bed. "I didn't mean to..."
"Hey, it's alright. We can talk about it in the morning. Okay?" Daniel tries his best to sound reassuring. He toes off his shoes and socks, then swiftly removes his jacket, shirt, and pants, leaving him in just his boxers to sleep in.
"Yeah," Ben replies, then turns around and does the same as he hears Daniel shuffling under the covers of his bed. He turns off the light and lays in his own bed, wrapping the covers up and over his shoulders. He faces the wall and closes his eyes, trying to will away the nausea from the alcohol. Even though Daniel didn't seem outright angry, he still hopes he didn't screw their friendship or the band up. Maybe getting more drunk than the others and kissing Daniel wasn't the best idea he'd ever had.

spanish class is always one of the worst.
i mean, sure. it's useful if you want to live in one of the countries that speak spanish or stay in one of them. but i sure as hell don't. it's not like i'm gonna achieve so much that i'll have enough money to travel anyway.
"hey, psst, platz." someone hisses near me, but i'm lost in my own world to pay attention.
"platz!" they raise their voice, and i snap back to the real world. looking around, i notice it's ben, and he's been doing this for the past 5 minutes.
"what?" i whisper, and he stifles a laugh.
"hi." he says and turns around, and i roll my eyes. typical.
suddenly there's a knock on the door and two people come in. one girl, one boy.the girl enters confidently. her head is up high, she has a pencil case and a perfectly clean notebook and her makeup and blonde hair looks pretty nice too. she's wearing a white sweater with a rose on it and dark grey leggings, with white nikes. then comes in the boy. he's looking down at the floor, he has a rather pale face and looks pretty skinny. he's carrying an old looking notebook and wearing a black hoodie which he has the hood up of, black dirty joggers and random black shoes. i focus on his face more and i think i can just about make out a faint black eye.
mrs. price glares at them.
"you're very late. even better it's your first day."
"we're sorry, miss." the girl says, but the boy doesn't say anything, he just slightly looks up.
"and what about you?" mrs. price looks at the boy. he mutters something and looks back down.
the girl speaks up again, "he said he's sorry, miss."
the teacher nods, "names."
"Cranberry reynolds and dan reynolds."
"both of you go sit down there at the back." mrs. price points at the two empty seats behind me.
Cranberry comes here rather fast, however dan is just walking at his own pace. he finally gets here and sits down, still looking down at the floor.then i realise i've been staring at them the whole time.
i turn back around sharply and hope they don't think i'm some sort of weirdo that eyes everyone up.
someone taps me on the shoulder, making me huff and turn around again.
i see Cranberry smiling at me. she points to herself, then dan, "i'm Cranberry. this is my brother daniel."
"it's dan." he mutters, still looking down and fiddling with his sleeves, whilst leaning back in his chair.
"i'm called daniel too but i prefer to go by platz," i say and then point to wayne, "so is he. but he prefers to go by his middle name, wayne."
"hey!" wayne punches me lightly, "i wanted to introduce myself." he drops his game of thrones backpack on the floor and crosses his arms, narrowing his eyes at me.
"whatever." i shrug, grinning at him. i then look at ben, only to see he has fallen asleep.
the lesson goes slower than ever, Cranberry keeps introducing herself to people, dan stays quiet looking at the floor, ben keeps sleeping,  wayne keeps daydreaming, i keep playing with random stuff and everyone is bored out of their minds.
a/n hey guys i'm sooo sorry that this chapter is so short it's literally 3am and i have no more ideas for this chapter. i'll try to write more for the upcoming ones. keep in mind i'm publishing chapter by chapter. thank you for reading. i love you.

i haven't spoken to the new kid yet and i'm not planning to. i've spoken to his sister, but not to him. he doesn't seem like the type of person i'd want to be friends with. not at the moment, anyway. Cranberry, his sister, has recently become quite popular and social so i think she's going places unlike her brother, who won't break eye contact with the damn floor. might as well marry it, right?
i lean over to say something to ben, when my pen slips out of my hand and rolls under dan's chair. he looks at it then up at me, and i swear this is the first time we've made eye contact.
"can you, uh, get that for me?" i ask, and he hesitates but eventually picks it up and gives it to me.
"thanks," i say as i take it from him, "i'm wayne."
"dan." he says and looks back down.
i'm just about to question him, when the teacher comes and puts his hand on his arm, making him flinch.
"hey kid, if you wanna pass your exams you need to revise and revise more. looking at the floor won't help." then he leaves, and suddenly i feel something like sympathy.
no, i can't be feeling sorry for HIM. it's just not on. stop it, wayne.
i turn around and close my eyes, trying to force myself to not care about dan, but somehow i just keep feeling more and more sympathy for him.
he needs a friend. and if anyone's gonna be his friend, it's gonna be me.
"hey dan?" i say, turning to him again. he doesn't look up, but nods slightly to let me know he's listening.
"have you got any friends?" i ask.
"excuse me?" his voice is much stronger and louder as he looks up at me.
"i'm not asking this in the mean way, i'm just—"
"excuse me?!"
i sigh and look up, closing my eyes for a minute.
why do these things happen to me?
i then look back at dan, and inhale before i speak.
"i just want to know. because if not, i'll be your friend. and to be honest, even if you do, i'll still be your friend."
he nods and looks back at the floor, leaning back in his chair."right. sorry."
"so? can i be your friend?" i ask.
he shrugs and puts earphones in, completely blocking me out.
"rejected." platz laughs, punching me in the arm playfully.
"ha ha," i say sarcastically, "funny."
"why're you trying to be his friend anyway? look at how dodgy the kid looks. i'd stay away from him."
i hesitate, "i don't know man... he seems lost. like, he needs a friend. surely?"
"maybe he does, but maybe it just shouldn't be you. or me. or ben. y'know, it's just us three. we don't really... want anyone else. it's always been just us three. and it always will be. stop trying to bring weird ass people into this. it's unnecessary." he turns away and continues with his work, but i look at dan again and can't help feeling bad for him.
he really needs someone. i don't care what platz or ben think.

he wants to be my friend? obviously not. it's just a dare or a prank.
or maybe he really means it?
no, he doesn't. you're useless. worthless. no one would want to be your friend, you ugly shit.
yeah, that's what i thought.
i look up at him and he's literally staring at me, so i immediately look back down and feel my face go hot, but it doesn't go red because i'm just too pale for that. well, this is awkward.
what did he say his name was?
wayne, wasn't it? yeah. too cool for someone wimpy called dan. also, look at him. he looks like a full on rockstar. shoulder length hair, light facial hair, nirvana merchandise shirt. he probably plays something like drums or guitar too.
and i'm just here, dirty blond hair, no facial hair, basic clothes.
it was obviously a prank.
i try to push the thoughts out of my mind, and look at Cranberry, who's right now speaking to a group of three girls and two boys. yeah, she's doing way better than me.
i'm no good for anyone. not even myself. i wish my mom was still here though. there isn't a time where i don't miss her.
yes, she's alive. yes, she loves me and Cranberry. but no, she doesn't live with us. she and dad divorced just under a year ago and dad insisted on keeping us. obviously she didn't make a great decision on letting him, because he's always out and then comes back all drunk and abusive. i guess me and Cranberry understand each other more than anyone else. she's the only person i can trust, and i'm the only person she can trust.
i would say we're like brother and sister, but we are brother and sister.
"daniel coulter reynolds, my desk now please." the booming voice of the teacher tears through my thoughts, and i stand up shakily, knowing everyone's looking at me. i try not to make it awkward and keep staring at the floor, but anxiety is getting to me and i'm on the verge of crying. i bite my lip so hard i think i can almost taste blood.
"miss, can he see you at the end of the lesson?" i hear that ben guy say, "he doesn't really want to right now, by the looks of it."
i sit back down and put my head in my hands.
the day goes on and on, until the school bell rings, marking the end.
I know I took the path that you would never want for meI know I let you down, didn't I?
whoa. whatever that was, i'm keeping that noted down in my mind. because i feel like it's a message or something important. i don't know yet, hopefully i'll find out soon enough.
"hey, dandelion!"
i smile to myself at the nickname Cranberry gave me years ago.
she catches up with me, beaming.
"guess what?" she says.
"what?" i ask, and she shakes her head.
"no, you've gotta guess."
"you know what?" i put my backpack on my shoulders and start walking faster, "f#ck you. f#ck. you."
"okay! okay!" she catches up with me again, "i made this really good friend and she's called emily. i'm going round hers now and i told her all about dad. she said i can move in with her and when i asked her if you could too she said no because she barely knows you and you look dodgy. sorry dan. i do love you. i'll try to convince her."
my stomach twists with anger, "don't bother," i snap, "she won't give in. because you know what? i do look dodgy, but that's because i am dodgy. don't bother, Cranberry, just don't. now bye, have fun at emily's."
Cranberry sighs and mumbles something, but i'm too far to hear. i just carry on walking home, with a horrible feeling.
first mom, now Cranberry.
perfect.

Cranberry Shake My Body Howard, born March 10th, 2011, at 4:20 am, was quite the stud. She had golden blonde curls for a luscious weave, that fell to her shoulders. She had it good, she had loads of friends, rich and loving parents, and went to one of the best private schools in the world. Yet she felt as if something was missing from her life, she lusted for it… Ben Arthur McKee.
Due to her unrequited love, she felt lost and disoriented in life, yet still managed to get all A’s in every class. She had never really dated anyone male, for she had only ben (haha geddit bc Ben) surrounded by women her entire life. In fact, her parents were one of the most successful lesbian entrepreneurs in the country of Azerbaijan.
She lived on top of a mountain, with enough snow that she had to wear boots all the time to keep her thirteen toes intact. Her boots reached her mid thigh, lined with bright pink yak fuzz that she skinned and dyed herself. The boots had a heel of approximately 5.768 centimeters, making her 192.183475 centimeters tall, the heels were purple, with black outlines of flowers lining the fine rubber. She loved her boots almost as much as she loved as she loved her soulmate, Ben McKee. Her religion of Bootism had told her when she was meditating that Ben was the boi for her, even though they lived thousands of miles apart. She sat in her room, texting her best friend Tiffany about the latest BuzzFeed article...
Tiffy11.cutiepie: Omg!!!!!! Guys are so useless!!!! We’d be better off without them
Me: Ew, ikr. Im glad u’re a firebreather like me, that way we can both agree that The Imagine Dragons are the only good men. Cant w8 for album 4!!!!!!!!?/?/!1
Tiffy11.cutiepie: Omgggg I agree so muchhhhhh!!!!1111111!1! If they were girls I would definitely frick their brains out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Cranberry then noticed something from the corner of her absolutely stunning seafoam blue eyes that sparkled like diamonds in even the darkest of nights.
Me: brb
She finally looked out her window to the snow covered peaks outdoor. She caught a glimpse of one of the most beautiful entities to ever exist upon any plane of existence. She blinked, feeling her iq multiply tenfold as the face quickly disappeared from sight.Cranberry blinked, looking back to her phone. But as it turned out, Tiffany had responded to her.
Tiffy11.cutiepie: Bye bitch im gonna fuck my sister
She sighed, dropping her phone on her bed. She looked at herself in the mirror with her perfectly femininely sculpted face, crystal blue eyes, kissable red lips. She traced the curves of her ideal female body; she hated it. She was so ugly, and even though she had been in loving relationships with some good girls, she believed that nobody loved her.She finally walked over to her desk, preparing to write her daily letter to father Ben, when she felt a snare tighten around her ankle.“RAAAAAPE!!!!!” she screeched, blowing the rape whistle with all she had.
She fell limply to the ground as the fine thread began to drag her 40 pounds across the floor. She quickly gave in to the force; it would make a good success story on Tumblr once her moms rescued her.
She allowed the snare to drag her towards her fireplace, and she was quickly sucked up the chimney. Someone grabbed her by her beautifully soft golden hair and put a rag over her face; undoubtedly chloroform.
And then she was whisked away by a sexah pansexual sexay beast.
She opened her absolutely beautiful ice blue eyes that revealed how pure she was a person. She then realized that she was strapped to a table, a bright operating light blinding her as she took in the sight of various edgy-looking torture objects. Hehe, my blog followers will LOVE this!!!
“Hello, shrexy…” a voice emerged from the corner of the dark room. A look of disgust contorted her otherwise fair and beautiful face, as she seemed to realize that the voice was male, and therefore scummy. She rolled her eyes in the manner that edgy teens do. She decided that she would just get it on death row when she got back home.
The footsteps became closer. “I know you’ve been waiting for this moment your entire twelve years of life.”
She smirked, clearly offended by the scum’s statement. “What the fook im clearly fourteen ive had five breast implants you bitch nonce.”The voice just laughed softly.“Cranium… you do not understand…”“MY NAME IS CRANBERRY YOU FUCK NOW STOP RISING UP AND SEXUALISLZING YHE FTEGMAL BOIDH!!@;@*!&!&!!!!”To her extreme displeasure, the voice did not give in.“WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY!” she screeched at the top of her lungs. Her feminist lawyer was definitely gonna hear of this.
She began struggling against the metal shackles on her wrists that bound her to the table, thrusting her body from side to side with all of her feminine ability.
Suddenly, she felt something grasp her tall pink yak fur boots with purple soles, and she instantly went still. She began to shake uncontrollably. “P-please… not the boots…” As she felt he boots leave her beautiful and almost unused feet it was as if her soul left her body and everything went dark.
When she woke up again two seconds later because she had forced herself to pass out for the effect of more drama. A blurry, well-lit figure appeared above her. She squinted, attempting to rid of the double image. The face was smiling smugly at his new victim.
With a rush of adrenalin, she realized who her captor was.“DADDY BEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!1!!!1!!111!!!!!!”